so if you tues snowmantle so we yourself
geek so just going to make a quick video
click update and got to submit this to
the raffle for the RK airsoft raffle for
the s another grenade launcher so the
start out with gun and I'm gonna go head
to toe on the gear right now all gears
real deal except for the pants a chi
phat couch with medic kit inside so yeah
gun is a king arms m4 a1 with a P&S rail
system on the front real steel rail
system grip is a king arms her grip like
the case Yvette grip a CMP q15 and ACM
ACOG gonna replace the ACOG with 553
that are on and yeah probably gonna get
your nails for to head is TC 2000 a CH
is still miss 2000m s2000 drove on top
ir stromae invisible a navegar amount is
a wilcox l 3g 10 single hole mount an
arm swords MSA singh kham sword ins wire
to a united for push talk and nikon by
CS 21 Ryu
I pro is hopefully m frame SI 2 point 0
s I have to clear air lines the same the
smoke lenses and personally I love pick
the best acro out there except for the
gaps but then we get to full sail later
the best is a eagle a carrier with
cummerbund and range green tactical
tailor triple and for shingle on the
front and range of green everything
exchange agreeing except for the SF LCS
mbit our couch got the got my calm in
there on my left rear i have the pantech
I that couch with the stuff inside just
in case on the right front got the eel
our LCS range of green underground saw
couch about that big E's in there
farther back up the RLC s a light
industry / pink pouch for under being
Grenadier I don't know speed boat or
something like that on the back is a are
LCS hydro pouch has a three meter cam
black ladder in there on the top of that
is a eagle or LCS charge pouch got my pc
level 5 gentoo in there on the chest up
here is a or LCS admin pouch play up
it's all arranged green except for this
thing
clothing is practicing combat clothes
pants and shirt got the knees for the
pants don't have the needs for the sugar
that has some shirt there I think
they're in the mail though so gloves are
hatch operator gloves and ya scared away
the cat patches as a u.s. I our flag
subdued reverse on the left is the
Sierra 13 patch team call sign and then
the team patch test Boris Becker we're
Puget Sound area Washington down on the
belt is a Blackhawk industry through
youth belt CPC belt and coyote tan and
boots r velvel 77 TVs so great boots i
definitely recommend getting on tiffa
cries definitely get the prize they are
quite possibly the best camp Lee count
camis out there if you have the money um
so yeah that's it and also have a pc u
gen 2 trousers level 5 and in case i
don't want to run the plate carrier i
have a dime back tacular Molly belt in
range green the kids based off an army
ranger circa 2010-2011 and it's I think
it's pretty close completion just a few
more odds and ends and I'll be there so
thanks for watching